[horn blares]
-♪ Chico ♪
-♪ Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico Bon Bon, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico Bon Bon Bon ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
I saw a m-- m-- monkey!
Tool belt!
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico bon bon, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
Monkey with a tool belt.
[Clark]
Chico Bon Bon and the Egg-Mergency.
[Clark] Just a little to the left.
Oh, just a little to the right.
And there!
Lumpy Brown Peanut,
say hello to your new neighbors:
the Mustache Peanut,
the Car Peanut, and...
Hey wait, where'd my peanut
that looks like a shoe go?
Uh... nope. What about over here?
Oh, Peanut!
Whoopsie!
Hey, where--
[Clark laughs]
There you are.
Uh-huh!
And five, six, seven, eight. Ooh, ooh, ah.
What are you guys doing?
We're having a dance party
because our new bigger, better disco ball
just came in the mail.
Ooh!
Well, then I better get ready to boogie!0
[humming]
[grunts] Ooh, oopsie.
Oh, peanuts!
The disco ball is made of glass.
It must be broken into a million pieces.
Uh, uh, uh, don't worry.
The disco ball is fine.
[stutters] But how?
Because this box was designed
with shock absorption in mind.
It's full
of these super squishy packing peanuts.
Check it out.
When something fragile like
this disco ball falls onto the ground,
the energy goes from the disco ball
into the squishy packing peanuts
so it doesn't break.
It's called shock absorption!
Shock absorption! Whoo-hoo!
Oh, that's nuts! Peanuts, that is.
These packing peanuts
are perfect for my collection.
[alarm blaring]
[gasps] The banana phone!
[action music playing]
Chico Bon Bon!
You got a problem? We can solve ‘em!
This is Neil Ostrich...
And Nell Ostrich!
...reporting live from this phone call.
Oh... okay.
Our top story this morning:
we've got a big problem.
We need to get our egg
to Hatchery Hospital fast!
Because our baby is about to...
Well, hatch!
There's only one team that can help
these nervous new parents now…
the Fix-It Force!
Neil, Nell, you got it!
This problem's no problem.
Fix-It Force, time to bring the awesome!
[kids] Chico Bon Bon!
Rainbow Thunder!
Clark!
Tiny!
[action music playing]
Whoa!
[grunts]
[robot] Tool Force One activated.
Rainbow, up there!
[wheels squeal]
Neil acquired.
Nell has been obtained.
And I've got the egg.
Let's get this egg
to Hatchery Hospital fast.
But first, the weather report.
It's chilly out there,
but our egg needs to stay nice and warm.
Don't worry, Nell.
We'll keep it in Clark's bubble.
It's got climate controls to keep
the egg at the perfect temperature.
Ooh, yeah! Oh, oh, oh, whoops!
Whoa! Whoa! [gasps] Gotcha!
Agh, I'm so clumsy.
How can I keep the egg safe?
Hmm. I know what you need, buddy.
A super-safe egg-carrier.
[laughs] Oh, yeah. Perfect!
The heat's turned on, the egg is warm,
and now we're ready to ride.
Next stop: Hatchery Hospital.
Hold on to your feathers!
[wheels squeal]
-[Nell] Whoa!
-[Neil] Oh, my!
-We'll be there in a jiffy-jaff.
-[gasps]
[wheels squeal]
Ostrich news here
with your very local traffic report.
There's a lot of it!
[horns honking]
How are we gonna get through?
[Chico] Mmm... ah-ha!
I see a way. Rainbow, turn left up here!
Left on Beach Ball Boulevard.
Right on Penguin Plaza.
-Uh-oh!
-[wheels squeal]
This is...
[Chico and Rainbow Thunder]
J-- J-- J-- Jackhammer Junction!
Oh, this road's too b-- b-- b-- bumpy.
If we d-- drive through there,
the egg will b-- b-- break!
Then we need
some shock absorbing materials.
Something soft and squishy
to protect the egg from bumps.
Soft and squishy, huh?
Nails? Nah.
Soap? Nope.
Lug nuts? Lug-no.
Balloons? [laughs] Ba-yes!
They're super soft and squishy!
Don't worry, little Eggy.
These balloons will absorb the shock.
[all] Whoa! Ah!
Whoo-hoo! It's working!
-[Chico] Whoa!
-[Clark] Whoops!
Oh, no. The balloons!
Well, at least we made it
through Jackhammer Junction.
[Rainbow Thunder] But we better
think of something else fast,
because we're heading
right onto Wrecking Ball Boulevard!
We're out of balloons,
but there's gotta be another material
we can use to absorb those shocks.
What will Chico come up with?
We'll find out
after a word from our sponsors!
Puffy Stuff Marshmallows.
For when you can't get enough
of that sweet, sweet puff.
Hey, that's it! Marshmallows!
They're super soft and squishy.
Whoa, marshmallows are my favorite!
Oh, you're gonna love them too, Eggy.
[wheels squeal]
[all] Whoa!
No bumps up here!
But all this excitement is
sort of making me hungry.
[gasps]
[wheels squeal]
Yeah, we made it!
Guys, Eggy and I...
might have eaten
all the marshmallows. [burps]
Oh, excuse me.
-[burp]
-Oh, that one wasn't me.
No, it wasn't. It was a burp-quake!
We're heading into Burpy Bird Park!
[burps]
Those burps
are making the ground jiggle like jelly.
[gasps] Great idea, Rainbow.
What idea?
We can use jelly to keep the egg safe.
But we'll need a kind
that Clark won't want to eat.
Setting my mega tool
to pistachio jelly mode.
Yuck, pistachio!
That's a great idea.
I'd never eat this. I'm strictly peanuts.
[all] Whoa!
[burping]
Whoa!
[laughs] Yeah! It's working!
And look up there. It's the hospital!
-[laughs] Yeah!
-We made it!
We got here just in time.
Now all we have to do is get the egg
to the egg-mergency room.
But here's a scoop:
the egg-mergency room
is at the tippety-top of the building!
And this just in: the elevator's broken!
Yeah, this could take a while.
More breaking news:
our egg's gonna hatch any second!
The quickest way to the egg-mergency room
is through that chute on the roof.
We've gotta fly the egg up there fast.
Clark, can you take the Clark Copter?
-Me? But what if--
-You got this, buddy.
I'll be with you every step of the way.
[sighs]
[Clark] Okay, little Eggy.
Time to fly.
-Whoa! Whoa!
-[all gasp]
-[Rainbow Thunder] Oh, no!
-Oh, I'm so clumsy.
Don't give up. You can do this!
I can do this... for you, Eggy.
Just a little higher, Clark.
[grunts]
Now I just have to drop you in.
Oh, but it's such a long fall.
You might break.
Chico, I need help!
How do I drop the egg without breaking it?
You... [static]
...gotta... [static]
...now!
Oh, no, I can't hear him! What do I do?
What would Chico do?
He'd probably take a banana break. [gasps]
I know what I need. A peanut break!
[Clark] Okay, gotta drop the egg
without it breaking.
I need a shock absorbing material.
-But I don't have any balloons.
-[buzzer]
-Or marshmallows.
-Or jelly.
-[buzzer]
What else absorbs shock?
Shock absorption! Whoo-hoo!
Oh, that's nuts! Peanuts, that is.
Wait a second, packing peanuts.
-[ding]
-That's it!
These packing peanuts
were great for my collection,
but they'll be an even better
shock absorber.
Don't you be scared, Eggy.
I'm going to make sure you stay
safe and sound.
A little to the left.
Oh, oh, little to the right.
-[all gasp]
-[beep]
-Yeah!
-[laughs] You did it! Way to go, Clark!
This just in: he did it!
-Hey, just needed to be plugged in.
-[elevator dings]
-It's here!
-[gasps] Our egg.
Eggy, you're safe!
[gasps] And you're hatching!
Ah-ha! Breaking news: it's me, Nina.
Here's an exclusive...
We love you, Nina.
-You did it, Clark!
-Yay!
Now, let's celebrate.
Baby ostrich dance party!
And five, six, seven, eight.
-Whoo-hoo!
-[laughs] Yeah!
-[all laughing]
-Whoo-hoo!
-Oh, yeah.
-Shake those tail feathers.